Client Name: Polardent on Fiverr
Title name: Teeth whitening quiz
btn color:(black btn with white text)
text color:black and white
other color: cyan
font family:

*N0 PROGRESS BAR OR Q.NO*



1. How many times do you brush your teeth in a day?
Options: none, 1, 2, 3+

2. Do you have regular checks up with your dentist?
Options: yes, no

3. Do you have braces or Invisalign?
Options: none, braces, Invisalign, both

4. How many times do you floss in a day?
Options: none, 1, 2, 3+

5. How often do you smoke in a day?
Options: none, 1-2, 3-4, 5+

6. How many units of alcohol do you drink a week?
Options none, 1-3, 4-6, 7+

7. How often do you drink fizzy drinks?
Options: not at all, special occasions, everyday,

8. How many liters of water do you drink in a day?
Options: none, 1-2 , 3+

9.Have you looked into teeth whitening before?
Options: yes, no

10. Have you tried other teeth whitening product?
Options: yes, no




And in terms of email response you just need to type something like
1. After looking at your answers, we can tell that you look after your teeth very well. Polardent would be a great to help brighten your teeth....

2. It seems you may need to improve your oral hygiene. Never fear Polardent is here and we can help brighten up your teeth. Here are some tips on how to help you gain healthier teeth...

3. It seems looking at your results that due to wear braces or Invisalign it is best to wait until your treatment is complete before proceeding with Polardent teeth whitening kits to gain the best possible results. However here are some helpful tips on how to keep up your oral hygiene....





Then for every response you need to enter dental oral hygiene tips

For option 3 it would be if the customer opts for braces, Invisalign or both

Option 1 is for people who click atleast 5/more of the following 10 questions
Q1- 2, 3+
Q2- yes
Q3- none
Q4- 2,3+
Q5-none
Q6- none, 1-3 units
Q7- not at all, special occasions
Q8–1-2,3+
Q9- yes or no
Q10-yes or no




Anything below 5 will have option 2 sent to them